hey everybody welcome Eckener on the
line please inviting guys get four plus
we're doing the regular runs and it has
never felt better
we do have boss rush to do on some
characters you know what let's make it
easy boss rush blue maybe and then I
know we got dark room runs to do I'm
like basically everybody but we can do a
dark room run or we can do a chest run
with blue baby I'm not gonna focus
predominantly on getting boss rush done
but I think it would be positive for us
if we if we knock that out now I'm not
gonna put like a time limit on ourselves
not for this run in particular of course
but also like for the number of non
challenges we're gonna do we just finish
like a month of challenges come on just
give me one tenth of rock we just
finished like a month of challenges and
sometimes I've you know it's easy to
forget what it is you like about Isaac
cuz Isaac is all about at least for me
it's all about that slot machine pull of
like not knowing what you're gonna get
on a run and then getting something
great and squandering it or getting
something terrible and making it work
and all the other outcomes that
conceivably fall in between as well
no promises that this will be on that
spectrum I suppose but I got high hopes
in dude holy mantle is a pretty great
pickup I mean it's such a great pickup
that we could literally just blow this
TNT up in our own faces running a nope
concerns and/or consequences as a result
I'm trying to save hoggle oz for using a
tinted rock but yeah the thing is are
for using a non its Innsbruck I should
say among other things but the thing is
like challenges kind of take away that
slot machine poll because instead of
like dynamically figuring out what your
problems and strengths are over the
course of a run it just gives you the
run and goes okay if you figure it out
and sometimes we do like we got that
Guardian challenge done in the first
video if not the first attempt which I
was very happy about hug loss is almost
tempting on that room as well what we
really want now is an orbital actually
because holy mantle plus an orbital is
like easy early game at the very least
but some of the other challenges if I'm
being honest were ticking me off
not like to the point that I can't do
them or like you know won't be
entertaining or at least attempting to
be entertaining while I do them but the
only and streak one just rubbed me the
wrong way like it's late what's that's
what gets me about the challenges that
they have their own unique parameters
which is cool except when they don't
work the way you'd expect them you know
check it out I got this sweet run that
totally works it fulfills the trial of
the challenge that I was acquiesced to
do at least we got damage and then all
of a sudden no it turns out that like
it's broken maybe again I'm gonna make
myself look like a fool if it turns out
that I was the idiot over the course of
that that challenge but I don't think
that I was maybe I was the idiot for
believing but apart from that I don't
believe so
so really weird weird - tinted rocks or
sorry - spirit arts one tinted rocker
more away from getting enough HP to
conceivably be able to take a deal with
the devil one and a half would
technically make it plausible to take
but I'm if you want to play that
argument we're actually one HP higher
than we need to be in order to get a
deal with the devil as long as we're
talking about taking deals with the
devil that would like literally kill us
that's the case I still I'm holding out
hope this hog allows renewed it's got us
right now it's a good run though you
know getting a damage upgrade and a
pretty good one early on is is nice so
you're gonna say why don't you do it and
you would be correct we should do it
here
I actually I was just peeping that top
left side cuz I thought that there was
not a way for us to get in there but it
turns out that there was indeed it just
it was a little bit segmented so we did
not get a spirit heart out of that
though which is a bummer ah there's a
tinted rock on this room though we got
two spirit hearts out of that we also
picked up some consumables on route
which i think is also very valuable and
we got a trinket which is not that
valuable but hey you know if we get a
lot of bombs
we'll be happy that some of those bombs
can have a little creep associated with
them he's more valuable than bombs
presently and Deadeye is another really
really good upgrade and this is what I
mean we're creating our own challenge
I'd rather be at four and a half hearts
in three and a half hearts and although
that's true like almost all the time
it's even more true right now because we
might be about to to spend the sum so
it's been a while like in two months
since we had blank room maybe even more
unlocked in the game what do we do with
blank rune like what's the ideal way to
handle this I think you there's only
really two ways you deal with it unless
you're in desperate times you either
assume it's gonna be per throw or you
assume it's gonna be era and if it's
anything else hopefully it just works
despite using it as if it's one of those
so we don't like our items we'll
probably try to use it as if it's per
throw on our deal with the devil and if
that doesn't happen maybe we'll go back
to the shop and try to use it as if it's
a Yara rune and if it's neither of those
then you know what well I'll just go
plunge my toilet I'm trying to come up
with new expressions dude I'm here to
tell you right now this is probably
going up late August early September you
gotta try it even with bad luck right
now a god big ass also pretty good
ooh-hoo it's another day guys
fighter of the night months so many of
you you know college has recently
started or maybe for whatever other
reason you've moved by a plunger I think
I've gone on this exact rant before you
might say like oh I've never needed a
plunger before in my life
you don't understand a plunger is
actually like the cheapest form of
insurance you can buy they're like ten
dollars they go next to your toilet
which hopefully you're not storing
anything valuable there to begin with
they will save you I have not used the
plunger probably in like at least three
years and I don't think there's any
shame in using a plunger by the way it's
just as it's as indicative as the
quality of the quality of the pipe says
it is the quality of the bowel movement
however it's one of those things you
don't want to have to have an accident
and then go to the store and buy a
plunger next time you find it I'm not
saying you should go out you know spend
your whole Saturday looking for a
plunger go buy a $10 plunger next time
you're at a Canadian Tire or you know
even a supermarket that's big enough
might have it's one of those things
every home should have
feel that way there's like a few
household appliances you want her
household tools you want to own before
you need to own them I'm particularly
talking to those of you in college right
now if you don't want to plunge it right
now
dude you're gonna be kind to your future
self you're gonna want it I promise you
that mostly because you probably and
don't think it's the wrong way you
probably live in a pseudo slum if your
college house is anything like mine and
then beyond that you're gonna be putting
some stuff into your body potentially
that is not gonna make you toilet that
happy either way one of those things you
want to have before you need it
same thing like a fire extinguisher I'm
guilty of that we don't have a fire
extinguisher in our apartment we have
sprinklers built into the the ceiling
but it's probably worthwhile to have a
fire extinguisher on top of that you
know in case you have a little fire in
your apartment you don't want the whole
building to be alarmed by seems sensible
to me uh carbon monoxide detector
probably another big one so you know two
out of three ain't bad
I own a plunger nothing else though it's
just my little I'm not particularly wise
you know I'm not a I'm not an old man
anymore no I'm not I'm not that learn it
you know I feel like maybe once you hit
the 40s 50s you become you start to
amass these tips that you can give the
people earlier in life that are actually
useful but as for now here's the life
experience that I have buy a plunger
trust me there's literally no downside
nobody has ever gone I'm out of money I
wish I didn't buy that plunger two years
ago I assure you is it worth skipping
lunch one day to get a plunger now you
got me question would depends what are
you getting for lunch like is it
conceivable that you know that would be
the most delicious lunch of your life
versus like the most minute they should
actually just give you pocket plungers
that you carry around in your wallet now
there's an idea cuz like you know if you
clog your own toilet by the way if
you're going to girls like kid even
listen to this anymore get is real life
baby we're animals okay poops happen
if you're uh if you make an accident
let's make an axe if you clog your own
toilet who cares you know use the
plunger no big deal
what if you're like on a date and you're
like I really don't want to have to use
the bathroom but I got to use the
bathroom then you clog the toilet that's
where the pocket plunger comes in you
unfolded about eight times stick it in
the toilet
pump away and then you're good to go
then you just throw it in the trash
because it is like a one-time use only
thing saves you from embarrassing
situations I don't know what it is dude
if you've ever gone like a video game
convention I've never seen any more
clogged bathrooms or clogged toilets in
my entire life then I have it video game
conventions I don't know if there's
something wrong with the gamer brain
perhaps my own included that is just
like I'm gonna clog this thing you can't
stop me it's like a boss fight
achievement unlocked or if there's
something wrong with the game or gut
that leads to too many clogs but I mean
the convention life is not not everybody
treats their body as if it's a temple at
the epoch conventions there's no
question about is a lot of walking
there's a lot of like fried food
consumption possibly a lot of imbibing
of adult beverages but I would think
that convention toilets are evolves for
that you know anyway then now we're
starting to get into like some gross
topics for conversation but it's also
relevant as we move into pack season
which is you know we're leaving for next
week
it's not really packed season it's
literally packs but dude this is the
most hits I've ever taken while having
holy mantle thankfully holy Mantle's
protected us from them but I'm getting
hit like once per room and not on
purpose like I'm just lucky I guess that
we got a good item room there that
worked out in our favor because without
that we would be in a much worse
position how's the run looking so far
honestly very very good Deadshot is
amazingly useful I'm not using the poop
because like the amount of value of
brings is very much secondary to the
amount of annoyance it brings to shoot
the poop once per room for what you know
one spirit heart per run one spirit
heart and six cents per run we've
already got a sack of pennies so we'll
just we'll just treat that as if it's
our six cents per run and then the
spirit heart hey we got the pacifier
which is also part of the reason that
this runs poppin the deliberate and
Static tears upgrade thanks to that
stacking with the extra damage due to
Deadeye here and we're really racking up
the damage to be able to do ten damage
on the third floor fourth floor in the
fourth floor to be able to do ten damage
on the fourth floor is really strong you
know I think it we've gone through this
about twenty times but I'm pretty sure
that Deadshot allows you to at best
double your damage which is a positive
without a doubt you've got 28 cents
could have gone a little deeper on that
converters not what we want I'm gonna
take dull razor just cuz it could be
better for us long term I don't think
dull razor can trigger gimpy but
probably want to look for it regardless
okay the gifts it's basically a random
it's basically a random shop item at
this point so the way that you oh there
you go the way that you choose this yeah
it's broken so you might as well take it
the way that you choose this is very
simple you take this watch this it
worked
ace of clubs not worth using blank card
for honestly we take this into the
almost guarantee Thor lays at least like
a heavily favored deal with the devil
that we're about to get and hopefully
we'll be able to snag something useful
there obviously like I'm trying to get
it all out of the way you know it's like
we've led a very Puritan lifestyle and
now you know we're here at spring break
I want it all you know I give me give me
the body shots give me the jet skiing I
don't know what do people do on spring
break I'm not much of a beach guy to be
honest with you don't I don't like my
skin being exposed to the sunlight just
something about it is like feels
unnatural to me it's actually like the
most natural thing in the world it just
feels unnatural to me I don't know blame
somebody other than me for that I don't
know who it could conceivably be but I
just want to deflect blame as if there's
any conceivable way that that makes any
sense at all so just keep this up 10.9
damage and max damage bonus very good
and a deal with the devil PJs is not
that strong but it's at least HP why did
it go Gerner as if that was a bad thing
we just got weight we just got a lump of
coal from Krampus weight him what what
if we get a second lump of coal arrived
here does that do anything for us well
we'll never know uh I mean okay the head
of Krampus is fine but I think blank
card the gauze is a lot better
well no it's not and you're not gonna be
too pleased with this but here's why
head of Krampus is better because we're
gonna use it for boss rush blank card
something else could have been better
eventually with a blank card the Gaza is
not worth that that much to us when
we're keeping in mind that at some point
of this round we're trying to get
through boss rush which can be quite
annoying in its own right yeah we're in
a a pretty darn good spot winning the
run should be no problem beating boss
rush should be like a modest problem
just a very minor problem blank card
devil blank card strength probably could
make a case for a blank card strength
okay being better than Krampus is head
for boss rush specifically but you know
that's it's pretty much water under the
bridge at this point not a whole heck of
a lot we can do about it now we do still
have Steam sale and quite a lot of money
so if we can get shops that kind of meet
us halfway we like with a reroll machine
for example I might be able to get a lot
of value out of them thank you so who is
this this is this is Pam how does pin
relate to Larry in the lore of the game
these are questions I've never had but
I'm now feigning having because he's
like what's the relationship between pin
the hollow and Larry jr. does Larry jr.
eventually gain the ability to jump and
then he's the pin and then he gained
the ability to fly and then he's the the
hollow even though those bosses don't
necessarily take place later than one
another and where does scolex factor in
what about mr. Fred mr. Fred's just kind
of like a hopped-up scolex isn't he
I'm wide hat I can't take it anymore
shop be good to me okay
one day I'll figure out what's going on
with the something's wrong pill we can
donate to our donation machine I totally
forgot so we took trinkets melter I need
your strongest trinkets I'm headed into
battle I'm headed into boss rush you
can't handle my strongest trinkets
traveler my strongest trinkets would
kill a cobalt streak much less a
Northern Line kinda want to save like I
think ten cents is a fine amount to save
so we'll just take this to 350 for 30
minutes or until the skins crispy and
then very setup for the future here
already been to our item room dude curse
of the maze was like a blessing for us
here
I could still use more base damage I was
kind of leaning on that last deal with
the devil to work in that direction for
us and it definitely did not
but I'd settled for DPS like if we could
just get damaged that would be that'd be
worth a lot if we could get the ability
to summon spiders via infestation to its
rarer than getting a full guppy
transformation but I feel bad always
asking for the guppy transformation in
its entirety so you know trying to be
trying to mix things up a little bit at
least in appearance if not in actuality
alright so you're gonna go down pretty
easily this is the time this is the time
for us to beat the odds because we do
want to at least it's a tears upgrade
but we do want to actually 5 rate of
fire is really strong but we want to
make sure that we can actually get the
boss rush so we're kind of I wouldn't
say under the gun I wouldn't say under
my thumb my 18 favorite Rolling Stones
song you want to list them in order well
what's the best Rolling Stones Rolling
Stones song I know you only can't get no
satisfaction I'm blah blah blah blah I'm
not like I'm not insulting satisfactions
- great song or you can't always get
what you want you know sympathy for the
devil these are great tracks no question
on that as long as you're not saying
like oh you know dole step baby don't
stay I mean you're entitled like
whatever you like is the other aspect it
I haven't touched upon let's go do the
boss fight even though this floor is
rich we do want to knock this out I
don't know what we get sometimes I get
painted is the guy who rushes through
things like stop and smell the roses yo
but we get some cooler smelling roses if
we if we knock out this optional
achievement here but anyway I'm very
very partial I'm not a big Rolling
Stones guy but Exile on Main Street from
1972 one of the best albums ever made
bar none we can't even take advantage of
Judas a shadow but I'm happy to have it
just in case we can't wilfully take
advantage of it because we don't need
the Judas drops but
you know tumbling dice love and cup
there's some all-time classics on the
album never get played on the radio
despite its really is not a singles
record that's like a that's an album
album so we do not need the gods we have
any curse right now that would even like
benefit us to use to Gus I don't think
so
we have several year as an analogous
let's keep the yeras as you might expect
I think that will probably end up using
those on the chest for now good chance
of a deal with the devil we got it and a
fame is pretty good and then we got boss
rush and boss rush has nothing I'm very
interested in so I think I'm actually
gonna go for friendzone takes us a
little closer to Beelzebub
I mean I'm grasping at straws here but
I'm grasping at straws because none of
them were that good d20 is probably best
but I didn't want to ruin our chances of
getting you know some extra damage done
due to cram business head here
so we have an extra like little bit of
damage as a result of this plus the
chance for Beelzebub plus we get to keep
Krampus is head which hopefully you know
won't let me down here
another great Rolling Stone song don't
let me do let's see the joke is there
that songs by the Beatles not by see I
was gonna get them confused I made a
joke ages ago they're probably two years
ago how like you know you can't always
get what you want is the best Justin
Bieber song people play too right into
my hand dude I remember it I was like
nobody's gonna fall for this nobody's
gonna think I actually think you can't
always get what you want is by Justin
Bieber some people thought I thought you
can't always get what you want is my
Justin Bieber just remember I am always
0.01 steps ahead of very small
percentage of you I'm certainly not one
step ahead of all of you but I'm 0.01
steps ahead of some of you and I think
that's doubtless
why you know it's because of the onand
streak on the last episode where I was
like should be walking into enemies on
the regular we should not be walking
into enemies in the red that was an
accident we should be walking on the Sun
cuz it ain't no joke I'd like to buy the
world a coke and see the it's no joke
I'd like to buy the world a coke
doot-doot-doot I don't remember almost
anything of walking on the Sun by
smashmouth just let that units of
passion and the sku Buddha do I really
remember like none of that song I mean
it's probably been like at least eight
or nine years since I heard walking on
the Sun by Smash Mouth but definitely
like the chorus is locked away in the
memory banks so don't delay act now
supplies are running out but not if
you're still alive
six to eight years to but if you follow
there may be a tomorrow but if the
offense done you might as well be
walking on the square now down a map BAM
but the verses are lost forever despite
that being the lead single on the only
Smash Mouth album I actually own as a
child you know what it's a tragedy that
I'll have to wait for a later day for
now focus on boss rush cuz you're kind
of not in trouble yet at least but
you're in like you could get in trouble
soon it's like you know you wouldn't put
us on TLC and send us to jail as a 12
year old and be like hey scared my kid
into you know following the rule of law
but you might be like if you don't get
your stuff together soon I'm gonna we're
gonna approach that as a possibility
this will be done any lifetime now okay
I was walked right into the red pooop'
cut me some slack on this one my skills
are a little rusty like Chevy Chase's
firstborn son in the vacation films no
special bombs huh threw away a lot of HP
we had no reason to throw away here take
the inevitable end of basra sheer as as
an opportunity to you know smash that
reset button gate get yourself back up
to an eco equilibrium you feel confident
with blue baby's only friend I love that
item blue baby's only friend is like a
ten out of ten item
well people hate watching it but apart
from that I really like it now if we
play our cards right and that's I think
a big if in this situation but play our
cards right we could get better safe
than sorry man we could get a hush fight
here but we need some spirit arts to
come out of the woodwork first we all
it's like a little embarrassing but we
have no reason or excuse to die
we have holy mantle we have
invincibility on the regular rust or no
rust it's time to prove the game screwed
you on those challenges and you didn't
just you know screw yourself
tears down is bad but I mean going from
six to five it's not that bad
it's like going from like number one in
the world at number three on the Forbes
richest list you know
I remain unconcerned
don't really want to fight all these
rooms but you know it's a good
opportunity to reforge ourselves in the
crucible of relative difficulty right
now it's better that the run was not
handed to us on a silver platter now it
might be better even better than that
let's go if we were able to pick up like
a single damaged upgrade from the second
floor until now but but you know I'm
just happy to you walked into the red
pooop' I'm just happy to be here for now
and I mean that sincerely I'm happy to
be on a normal run and that probably
marks the ability or the the it marks
the signpost I should say of us being
more than halfway through the challenges
because we've only got ten left for the
first time and then the ones that we
lost the first time which can't be more
than like another ten speed is gonna be
annoying
I don't think own on streak is that bad
it's like speed is the worst
if I could do it over again I'd break
them up a little bit more because you
know I really think that the Nestle
corporation had it on lock with the the
song give me a break give me a break
give me a break from the slightly broken
challenges now won't be for me to say we
need it but I would love to see nine
lives even as blue baby
now beyond nine lives I'd really love to
see can you keep a secret really love to
see the virus because the virus combined
with invincibility lets us walk into
enemies will generate spirit hearts
Bob's your uncle that's no fair
everybody's got an uncle Bob you got to
be more specific than that Bob sack
amano
it is spirit hearts from the virus right
like non demon hearts not demon arts I
believe
we got time I was gonna save the Empress
for the boss but High Priestess is also
fine it's only scarred womb one our
dream or perhaps nightmare of a hush
fight is not coming true here we've gone
through a lot of rooms on this floor too
like we should be knocking on the boss
door any second now you know what be a
nice way to pay me back just deal with
the devil of nine lives and the virus
well we're talking no that's
implausible I don't even know you can't
even get the virus from from boss are
from deals with the devil I think I I
don't know at this point I've had chaos
so many times like my brain is no
concept of what item is in whatever pool
so unfortunately it's not really a great
room to use High Priest it's not I'm
gonna do it anyway because we want to
take the arrow with us but kind of open
for a boss we could one tab we did get a
tears upgrade it's only one but it's
still pretty good and then ceremonial
robes is basically like you'd have to
come up with a pretty convenient reason
not to take it it's HP a better kind of
HP and damage in the process but it's
not specifically what we were looking
for unfortunately think I'm gonna just
let the the dream die
I don't think that it's prudent for us
to worry too much about making it to the
hush fight we have not done it so we we
still have to do that as blue baby but
for now it's not the right time
it's that would be a mistake but we
should be able to hold this one together
for a fairly easy chest victory the
obvious problem with this run right now
is that we're a little light on HP but
barring complete disaster holy mantle is
gonna buy us a lot of time presumably I
guess we should never use yeah we should
never use Book of Shadows until we've
lost our holy mantle charge for that
room bad start
I got hit twice in rapid succession well
it just goes to show you you know the
best laid plans of mice and men and all
that you got a check it's worth a look
it's like extremely worth a look
it's a lot of stuff interview
try not to get too accustomed to seven
damage it's a little unfair to expect
the game to meet you in the middle there
well I don't know I say don't get used
to seven damage by today I'm running
them through what I just said in my head
and I'm saying it's ridiculous
I meant seventeen if I said seven seven
damage we should expect I think we're at
like six points something with no
bonuses right now that's not that good
seventeen is overkill but just be smart
here yet another dead ends I'm worried
about complaining though because I
complained a lot on my guardian run
complain a lot on the onand streak run
at some point I really do I believe in
the statement that they think it at
least holds some truth people say if you
meet a jerk every once in a while the
person's a jerk if you meet a jerk every
day maybe you're the jerk if you're
complaining about every about the
occasional run people take you seriously
you complain about every run you know
you're just the complainer gives you a
reputation I don't like to complain
about video games for the most part some
night on the LSS you know we play it up
for humour some sometimes but I'm very
much not like a you know the developers
don't care and blah blah blah etc etc
I'm not that dude so I like to think
that when I complain comes from a place
of a little it's taking I wasn't say
more seriously but it's taken more
honestly like I I'm not drumming up like
a fake complaint especially about Isaac
you know as community's gone through his
ups and downs and I've kind of always
been relatively positive
I do that because first off it's the
honest like truth about how I feel but
secondly it also means that when you
have something to complain about if you
choose your battles more appropriately
people take it more seriously if you're
always complaining about everything when
something serious comes around people
are like you know they tune you out cuz
they they're like because this is
actually something serious or is this
just him going on you know another rant
or something like that that being said I
am the guy who always appears to run
into people breaking the social mores at
the grocery store
so by that analogy am I the jerk yeah I
think so
these people are just buying deli meats
and I'm over here going you can't buy
deli meats like that you can only buy
this many deli meats that's part of it
the joke to begin with
yeah we're not going that way not going
that way tell me when he ain't nothing
for us down there tell me why that final
boss fights not fair
tell me why I never wanna go to the
voices blue baby not going that way that
was to the tune of the Backstreet Boys I
want it that way one of the great
mysteries it's like when they say I
never want to hear you say I want it
that way what does that mean it's like
when meatloaf says I would do anything
for love but I won't do that or you know
what does scarlet johansson say at the
end of lost in translation you know girl
that's I'm not gonna merge the good name
of the Jesus and Mary Chain psycho candy
almost as good as Exile on Main Street
not quite different sorta you know media
property there that's right I get down
with the shoegaze is that that's like
post it's not post rock what is it
post-punk Jesus and Mary Chain shoegaze
or post-punk Jesus and Mary Chain
Scottish alternative rock band
alternative rock band oh here you go
genres alternative rock noise pop
post-punk shoegazing indie pop in Iraq
yeah that's when I think of the Jesus
and Mary Chain it's like it's them Belle
and Sebastian and lost campesinos rate
of the the pinnacle of indie pop them
just like honey just great dude why are
you watching this gold listen to psycho
candy by the Jesus and Mary Chain
it's an all-time classic
Isak you do not have my permission to
hit me it's actually like an easier
fight than most of the rooms which
doesn't normally happen
the reasoning is like emerging gameplay
we are fighting a nearly stationary
target and we have an item that gives us
a huge damage bonus when we lay in
successive shots so really like we've
almost got like a built-in devil card
for this boss fight no I'm not going
that way not going that way do you know
remember the song we sang it earlier
sorry arrow room pops no yes yeah yeah
yeah man yeah okay tough loves okay Book
of Revelations is a spirit heart
possibly more but I think I'd rather
stick with Book of Shadows just for fun
we get Capricorn which is great although
we already have the damage multiplier so
not as great is not what I hoped I guess
PhD gave us a 48 hour energy pill pretty
good undefined largely irrelevant and
we'll just stick with Book of Shadows
over sprinkler cuz ours our tier
synergies are like not anything to write
home about okay
now we're cooking with gas cuz Holy
Light is amazing and we're firing very
quickly so we already had the benefit of
you know getting more damage the more
shots you put in but now to like have
the chance to land a holy light shot not
to mention our HP like we're in a a very
very very very very good spot I'm not
even gonna go back for the battery
charges cuz as of right now it's
meaningless we're just a straight-up
we're not gonna get a hit six times on
one room and if we can hit four times on
one room we'll go back but getting it
six times on one room would represent me
dying at this chair so if that happens
you'll forgive me but I got bigger fish
to fry like finding an insurance
provider that'll hook me up with this
dope life insurance plan like four
minutes before death probably unlikely
growl growl growl growl now
just keep it up here you're doing good
work and this is gonna be a win you just
get a sense for it you know when you
have 14 damage a fire rate that's above
the camp one of the best familiars in
the game one of the best tear effects in
the game and a decent amount of HP plus
the ability to respawn a deal double
damage but we're gonna knock out some
stuff it's blue baby this time which is
also valuable we already got blue baby's
only friend which I love is an item and
even if you don't love it
it saves some archetypes of runs like a
bad lost run can become a pretty good
lost run with blue baby's only friend a
bad keeper run same deal you know it
really like a bad any character run but
the less HP you have the more it
probably matters is what I'm getting at
not really surprised at the lack of
items here I mean we have zero Lux so it
seems relatively sensible
[Music]
appropriate might be the word not often
used to describe by content but
stay of like back get back you don't
know me like that all we need to do is
Coast this one through a I feel like
we've been blessed or cursed with longer
than usual floors that was our chance at
the virus but you know what it's
important for our character development
that we didn't need the virus there even
though we all that was bad even though
we asked for it earlier it's important
for us as an arc that we no longer
founder the necessity
whereas previously it would have been a
saving grace I mean we were down to one
and a half spirit arts for a while there
so we're much more well-equipped now as
a result and now due to the irony and of
course I have no consequences are saying
this I could just be lying to you fate
is also a great item but I would
probably have tried to go to the void if
they'd given us the portal there but for
now that's for another day thanks for
watching hope you guys have enjoyed the
episode if you didn't click the like
button how's that a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time